Home Page
Content:
    Main header: Reduce negative reviews
        Sub header: Higher ratings mean more trust and increased business
    Paragraph #1 header: A 4.5+ rating builds loyalty 
        Let unhappy customers speak to you BEFORE writing a public review. 
        Happy customers can go straight to writing a public review
        Our AI enabled platform guides every new review with a thoughtful, on-brand reply that matches your own tone — helping you build credibility, boost ratings, and show customers you care.
    Paragraph #2 header: Turn reviews into visibility and new customers 
        More positive reviews help your business show up higher in local search. 
        Share your best reviews on your website or social media — turning trust into new business.
    Paragraph #3 header: Start growing your business today
        Sign Up or Sign In (Link to Sign In page here)
    Paragraph #4 header: View and respond to reviews quickly 
        Access all reviews in a centralised location and ensure you never miss any. 
        Reply swiftly and efficiently to both recent and past reviews.
    Paragraph #5 header:  What do our customers say?
        Our platform prioritises simplicity and offers exceptional support to every user. 
        Include these 3 customer testimonials in different coloured rectangular boxes in a horizontal line (or vertical line in mobile layout)
            "I've been using 1txt for a few months now and I am extremely impressed with the results. My business's visibility on Google has significantly increased, and I am getting more customers as a result. Highly recommend!“  - Sophie T.
            "This local tool has been a game-changer for my business. It was easy to use and provided clear, actionable tasks that helped me boost my rankings on Yelp and on TripAdvisor. I highly recommend it to other small business owners.“ - Conor C
            "I've been using 1txt  for a while now and it has been a great investment. It helped me to identify areas of my customer ratings which  needed improvement and provided clear instructions on how to fix them. Thanks to this tool, I am now ranking higher on Facebook marketplace, and getting more customers!“ - Dom P.
    Paragraph #6 header: Start growing your business today
        Sign Up or Sign In (Link to Sign In page here)

Images: Break up these images into separate images and use them in a neat layout at different places throughout the page and in between paragraphs - mage 2 LINK - https://1txt.co/rating/images/ImagesForHomepage.png 

