Data Security page  (Header / Drop Down menu)
Content:
    Main header: Data privacy & GDPR compliance
        Sub header: Customer reviews are powerful data capture tools.   The great news is that 1TXT is built to be GDPR-compliant
    Paragraph #1 header: What does GDPR-compliance mean? 
        The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation     (GDPR) is a comprehensive data privacy and protection law. It   applies to any organization that collects or processes    personal data from EU residents. Non-compliance with GDPR can  result in significant fines and legal action.
        GDPR is similar to global data privacy regulations like     California's Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and Canada's   Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act  (PIPEDA).
    Paragraph #2 header: How we are GDPR-compliant 
        1TXT data is securely stored on our encrypted servers
        All data is stored on our own servers in a secure,  banking-grade data center. 
        By default, we only store aggregate data. If you choose to  collect personal data using a lead form, there are two ways  you can choose to store lead data securely.
        To ensure further security of data, all logins are secured by   two-factor authentication (2FA).
    Paragraph #3 header: No tracking and almost zero cookies 
        We do not track users’ personal data. Any content you create    and embed does not track:
        IP addresses,  Google or other US-based analytics , or Google   Fonts
        We add just one anonymous session cookie for your embedded  content, without collecting any personal data. 
    Paragraph #4 header:  We give users full control of their data
        We’re transparent with our users, and give them full control    over their data.
        When users fill in lead-forms, they are given the opportunity   to opt-in to how their data will be stored, processed, and    used.
        As a 1TXT client, you can also choose to require double-opt     in. This will go through email confirmation. 
    Paragraph #5 header:   We do not share or sell any data
        Only you can view data collected from your customers. This  includes personal, identifiable data from lead forms.
        You own all the ratings and review data from your customers.    We do not make your content searchable on our website, or  repurpose it for our own materials. 

Images: Break up these images into separate images and use them in a neat layout at different places throughout the page and in between paragraphs
Image 1 LINK – https://1txt.co/rating/images/ImagesForDataSecurity1.jpg  
Image 2 LINK - https://1txt.co/rating/images/ImagesForDataSecurity2.jpg  
