Articles (Footer) – 
Content:
Main header: How to Get BETTER Reviews:
    Sub header: Proven, Easy Ways to Receive Better Ratings for Your Business
Article #1 header: How To Respond to Customer Reviews

When it comes to whether or not you should respond to customer ratings, the answer is almost always yes. Responding to reviews—both the negative and the positive ones—shows potential customers that you care about the people you do business with.

But we get it. Responding can be intimidating. Here are some tips to keep in mind.
Responding to Reviews: Do’s and Don’ts
    Respond in a timely manner – usually within 48 hours
    Make your responses personal and meaningful.
    Show your gratitude in the response.
    Don’t be defensive—a resolution is more important than being right.
    Don’t let negative reviews discourage you.
    Don’t respond only to negative reviews.
Article #2 header: 6 Benefits of Customer ratings
1. Customer ratings increase exposure and improve local SEO.
Reviews alert web crawlers that a business is relevant to the searcher. 
Getting regular Customer ratings is one of the fastest and most important ways to improve local SEO and increase your visibility
2. Customer ratings increase brand trust.
Transparency is becoming more and more relevant for consumers. 86% say it’s more important than ever, and 94% say they’re more likely to be loyal to a transparent brand. The growing relevance (and importance) placed on transparency can largely be accredited to the accessibility of in-depth information about any given business. The fact is that before engaging with you, online research is the first thing customers do. And the majority of them read reviews.
Positive reviews increase customer trust in a local business significantly. The way businesses respond to reviews, both positive and negative, also impacts customer trust. 89% of consumers read business responses, and 56% say a business’s responses have changed their perspective on the business.
3. Customer ratings create a valuable feedback loop.
One of the biggest advantages of customer ratings is the feedback loop and customer intelligence you can utilize. Every rating can serve as a customer survey response, and generally includes a few key insights:
    Whether or not you delivered a positive customer experience
    Where you excelled or under-delivered
    How you can improve
    Reading positive and negative customer ratings can tell you exactly what you’re doing well and where there’s room for improvement.
4. Customer ratings improve the click-through rate of your website
Any business knows how vital it is to get customers to click on their website when it shows up in a search. You may spend all the time and money in the world to improve your SEO strategy, but if people aren’t actually clicking on your site, all that effort is pointless. Luckily, customer ratings increase the click-through rate of a business’s website. And the more clicks a site receives, the higher it climbs in Google’s rankings.
5. Customer ratings increase revenue.
Through their direct optimization of a number of factors (visibility, SEO, feedback, trust), customer ratings increase the amount of money businesses bring in. They have a direct impact on purchasing decisions and the way customers find and choose which businesses to buy from. And because methods of collection are so much cheaper than other forms of marketing, a Customer ratings strategy is one of the most cost-effective campaigns you can use.
6. Customer ratings are basically free advertising.
The fantastic thing about customer ratings is that there are no fees required to leave or receive reviews. For small businesses and consumers alike, that means that reviews can flow freely, and insights can be gained without setting aside more money in a potentially tight budget. Just tell your customers how quick and easy it is to leave a free review (and that they don’t even have to write a comment to give you a star review), and you’ll see reviews roll in and a boost in your SEO ratings.

Article #3 header: How To improve your customer ratings: 9 Tips & Best Practices
A well thought campaign can help you get Customer ratings for your business. Achieve it with simple solutions for your customers:
    Send a text. Increase the number of Customer ratings you get by sending a personalized text to your customers. You can automate the sending of these tailored texts with 1txt.co
    Create a customer rating link shortcut. This allows you to send customers messages with a short link that they can click to review your business quickly and easily. You can create a link for free using 1txt.co’s Link Generator.
    Automate the process. Automate your review system to send personalized invites at the key points in your customer journey to increase your collection rate and save time and hassle for your team. 
    Post a sign. After having a good experience with a local business, consumers are 12% more likely to leave a review if they see a sign asking them to.
    Train your employees to ask in person. Before sending a review invite, and whenever possible, your employees should always ask in person. 
    Use powerful language when you ask for reviews. Use active language that focuses on benefits, like “Leave a review to help us create a better experience for you” vs. “share an opinion.” Use language that will put your customer in the driver’s seat whenever possible.
    Add CTA pop-ups to your site. In addition to text invites, use CTA pop-ups on your website, such as: “Are you enjoying your new tires? Leave us a review!” These pop-ups will actively engage customers and catch any who may have fallen through the cracks.
    Send review requests to previous customers. Use your CRM data to connect with previous customers and ask for Customer ratings. You’ll have higher success if you recall the experience, ask straightforwardly, and emphasize convenience.
    Incentivize your employees. In addition to training, incentivize your employees based on the number of Customer ratings they collect. You can also offer extra incentives if their name is mentioned in the review.

Article #4 header: How To improve your customer ratings: 9 MORE Tips & Best Practices
A well thought campaign can help you get Customer ratings for your business. Achieve it with simple solutions for your customers:
 Talk through good/bad reviews with employees in weekly meetings. Celebrate positive reviews and use negative reviews as case studies to help your team improve your customer experience. 
Publicize changes. When you make changes from the feedback you receive, publicize those changes to let customers know you are responding to their comments
Turn negative reviews into positive ones. You can’t always edit or remove negative reviews. However, once you respond and an issue in a negative review has been resolved, invite the customer to leave another review. You can do this by first responding to negative reviews quickly and proactively.
Add a review widget to your website. Every business should take the time to embed Customer ratings on their website. In most cases, you must use plugins or widgets to add or embed a Customer rating for website pages. 
Create a Customer ratings page on your website. Create a page on your website dedicated solely to Customer ratings. On this page, you can include an invitation to leave a review and highlight existing reviews. Pro tip: when highlighting reviews, put them in text form instead of using screenshots so that any keywords will improve SEO.
Create a template for your review text. Create a simple template so you can automatically copy and paste review text to save time
Include a Customer rating CTA in your footer. If it isn’t elsewhere on your homepage, make sure to at least include a CTA in your footer!
Run a Customer rating email campaign. Run a Customer rating email campaign asking customers to leave you a review.
Include a Customer rating link in your email signature. Speaking of emails, it doesn’t hurt to include a subtle CTA in all of your email correspondence, both marketing and personal.

Article #5 header: How To improve your customer ratings: YET 9 MORE Tips & Best Practices
A well thought campaign can help you get Customer ratings for your business. Achieve it with simple solutions for your customers:
 Manage reviews. If you want to collect reviews, it’s crucial to show your customers that reviews matter to you, and that means managing them. Respond to negative reviews within two hours and positive ones within 24 hours.
Leave a Customer rating card. Business cards are still fairly common, especially among contractors and service companies. In addition to leaving a business card, consider leaving a Customer rating card that includes a link (or a QR code) and brief instructions on how to leave a review.
Include Customer rating opportunities in surveys. Collecting feedback presents a perfect opportunity to ask for a review. When sending surveys to customers, include the opportunity to leave a review at the end.
Ask for reviews on social media. Start by posting a screenshot of your best review and asking your customers to leave their own feedback.
Share positive reviews in other ways. Make your positive reviews more visible. For example, share them on your website, across social media, on other digital platforms, and even in your physical storefront.
Get Customer ratings from vendors or partners. Network with other local businesses to increase visibility and collect Customer ratings. It might be helpful if you write one for them first.
Create a “How to Leave a Customer rating” video. Show your customers how easy it is to leave a review. Create a short YouTube video that demonstrates how to leave your business a Customer rating with catchy music, imagery, and/or gifs.
Incentivize your customers to leave a review. Consider creating a rewards system or promo to incentivize your customers to leave a review.
Use a reputation management platform. Managing, responding to, collecting, and analyzing reviews can be quite a task for any team to take on. For example, with 1txt.co you can automatically send personalized Customer rating invites at the perfect point in the customer journey to increase your number of 5-star reviews.

Article #6 header: How to ask for customer ratings.
Getting more reviews isn’t difficult—it just requires you to ask your customers for them. You can request reviews in person or via text. No matter what channel you use, think about the following:
Choose the right timing.
Determine the right moment to invite your customers to leave a review. Usually, downtime in the sales process is ideal. For example, in the auto industry, a good time might be after the sale is completed and the customer is waiting in finance. They’re just sitting there anyway, so why not ask them to leave a review and walk them through the process?
Explain why your customer’s opinion matters.
People are more likely to collaborate if they understand why you need their help. Let your customers know that their feedback is important to you and that you use it to improve your business.
Be transparent about your motive.
There’s nothing wrong with informing your customers that you’d like to get a review because it helps you stand out in Google search results, especially if they’re having a good experience.
Set expectations.
Tell your customers what you want them to do. Be clear about the process: How will they be receiving the invite to give the review? When will they be receiving the invite to rank your product or service? What channel should they be aware of?
Eliminate barriers.
The harder it is for customers to leave reviews, the less likely they will. Make the rating and commenting process as easy as possible. Online review management platforms and tools like Podium can help. Be clear about how to post Customer ratings to get more Customer ratings and ratings.
Personalize the ask.
Make your customer feel special and try to personalize the ask as much as possible, depending on the channel you’re requesting it through.
Thank your customers for leaving a review.
Saying “Thanks!” is a must. Depending on the process, you can do it beforehand or once your customer has left the review. Whether the feedback is good or bad, responding to reviews in an assertive and timely way is a good practice—and saying “Thank you!” should be part of that. If possible, be specific and personalize the response. Call the individual by name, or refer to a part of their review that you liked. 
Follow up if you didn’t get the review.
If a customer does not respond to your initial invite, no worries. You can send a friendly reminder through your communication channels. They may need help with how to leave a customer rating for a business, or they may need a new customer rating link.
For example, your automated system can trigger a brief text. Pro tip: always make sure to balance automation with personalization to maintain human connection.




Images: Break up these images into separate images and use them in a neat layout at different places throughout the page and in between paragraphs
